---
page_title: "xcsh_application_profiles Resource - terraform-provider-xcsh"
subcategory: "Uncategorized"
description: |-
  Manages Application Profiles in a given namespace. If one already exists it will give an error. in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# xcsh_application_profiles (Resource)

Manages Application Profiles in a given namespace. If one already exists it will give an error. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Application Profiles Resource Example
# Manages Application Profiles in a given namespace. If one already exists it will give an error. in F5 Distributed Cloud.

terraform {
  required_version = ">= 1.0"

  required_providers {
    xcsh = {
      source  = "f5-sales-demo/xcsh"
      version = ">= 0.1.0"
    }
  }
}

# Basic Application Profiles configuration
resource "xcsh_application_profiles" "example" {
  name      = "example-application-profiles"
  namespace = "staging"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
  # Configuration parameter for advanced tcp profile.
  advanced_tcp_profile {
    # Configure advanced_tcp_profile settings
  }
  # Configuration parameter for disable tcp advanced profile.
  disable_tcp_advanced_profile {
    # Configure disable_tcp_advanced_profile settings
  }
  # Configuration parameter for enable tcp advanced profile.
  enable_tcp_advanced_profile {
    # Configure enable_tcp_advanced_profile settings
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference
-> **Syntax Rule:** This provider uses OneOf groups for mutually exclusive options. Fields documented as "Optional Block" use empty block syntax `field_name {}`, **never** `field_name = true`. Boolean attributes (like `add_hsts`, `http_redirect`) use `= true/false` as normal.


🔶 **High Risk Operations** — Some operations on this resource have high danger level. Destructive operations may require confirmation.

### Metadata Argument Reference

<a id="name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name) - Required String<br>Name of the Application Profiles. Must be unique within the namespace

<a id="namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace) - Required String<br>Namespace where the Application Profiles will be created

<a id="annotations"></a>&#x2022; [`annotations`](#annotations) - Optional Map<br>Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata

<a id="description"></a>&#x2022; [`description`](#description) - Optional String<br>Human readable description for the object

<a id="disable"></a>&#x2022; [`disable`](#disable) - Optional Bool<br>A value of true will administratively disable the object

<a id="labels"></a>&#x2022; [`labels`](#labels) - Optional Map<br>Labels is a user defined key value map that can be attached to resources for organization and filtering

### Spec Argument Reference

<a id="advanced-tcp-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`advanced_tcp_profile`](#advanced-tcp-profile) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for advanced TCP profile<br>See [Advanced TCP Profile](#advanced-tcp-profile) below for details.

<a id="ddos-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`ddos_profile`](#ddos-profile) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for DDOS profile<br>See [DDOS Profile](#ddos-profile) below for details.

<a id="irules"></a>&#x2022; [`irules`](#irules) - Optional Block<br>OPTIONS for attaching iRules to BIG-IP Proxy<br>See [Irules](#irules) below for details.

<a id="timeouts"></a>&#x2022; [`timeouts`](#timeouts) - Optional Block<br>See [Timeouts](#timeouts) below for details.

<a id="traffic-policies"></a>&#x2022; [`traffic_policies`](#traffic-policies) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for traffic policies<br>See [Traffic Policies](#traffic-policies) below for details.

<a id="virtual-server"></a>&#x2022; [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server) - Optional Block<br>Specifies configuration related to virtual server<br>See [Virtual Server](#virtual-server) below for details.

### Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

<a id="id"></a>&#x2022; [`id`](#id) - Optional String<br>Unique identifier for the resource

---

#### Advanced TCP Profile

An [`advanced_tcp_profile`](#advanced-tcp-profile) block supports the following:

<a id="profile-9e56fd"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_tcp_advanced_profile`](#profile-9e56fd) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for disable TCP advanced profile

<a id="profile-a5f274"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_tcp_advanced_profile`](#profile-a5f274) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for enable TCP advanced profile

#### DDOS Profile

A [`ddos_profile`](#ddos-profile) block supports the following:

<a id="ddos-profile-disable-ddos-mitigation"></a>&#x2022; [`disable_ddos_mitigation`](#ddos-profile-disable-ddos-mitigation) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="ddos-profile-enable-ddos-mitigation"></a>&#x2022; [`enable_ddos_mitigation`](#ddos-profile-enable-ddos-mitigation) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### Irules

An [`irules`](#irules) block supports the following:

<a id="irules-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#irules-kind) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="irules-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#irules-name) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="irules-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#irules-namespace) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="irules-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#irules-tenant) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="irules-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#irules-uid) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Timeouts

A [`timeouts`](#timeouts) block supports the following:

<a id="timeouts-create"></a>&#x2022; [`create`](#timeouts-create) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when creating the resource

<a id="timeouts-delete"></a>&#x2022; [`delete`](#timeouts-delete) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when deleting the resource

<a id="timeouts-read"></a>&#x2022; [`read`](#timeouts-read) - Optional String (Defaults to `5 minutes`)<br>Used when retrieving the resource

<a id="timeouts-update"></a>&#x2022; [`update`](#timeouts-update) - Optional String (Defaults to `10 minutes`)<br>Used when updating the resource

#### Traffic Policies

A [`traffic_policies`](#traffic-policies) block supports the following:

<a id="traffic-policies-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#traffic-policies-kind) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="traffic-policies-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#traffic-policies-name) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="traffic-policies-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#traffic-policies-namespace) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="traffic-policies-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#traffic-policies-tenant) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="traffic-policies-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#traffic-policies-uid) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server

A [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server) block supports the following:

<a id="virtual-server-address-translation"></a>&#x2022; [`address_translation`](#virtual-server-address-translation) - Optional Block<br>Specifies, when checked (enabled), that the system translates the address of the virtual server. When cleared (disabled), specifies that the system uses the address without translation. This option is useful when the system is load balancing devices that have the
same IP address<br>See [Address Translation](#virtual-server-address-translation) below.

<a id="virtual-server-auto-last-hop"></a>&#x2022; [`auto_last_hop`](#virtual-server-auto-last-hop) - Optional Block<br>When enabled, allows the system to send return traffic to the MAC address that transmitted the request, even if the routing table points to a different network or interface. As a result, the system can send return traffic to clients even when there is no matching route. For
example, if the<br>See [Auto Last Hop](#virtual-server-auto-last-hop) below.

<a id="virtual-server-clone-pool-client"></a>&#x2022; [`clone_pool_client`](#virtual-server-clone-pool-client) - Optional Block<br>Replicates client-side traffic (that is, prior to address translation) to a member of the specified pool<br>See [Clone Pool Client](#virtual-server-clone-pool-client) below.

<a id="virtual-server-clone-pool-server"></a>&#x2022; [`clone_pool_server`](#virtual-server-clone-pool-server) - Optional Block<br>Replicates server-side traffic (that is, prior to address translation) to a member of the specified pool<br>See [Clone Pool Server](#virtual-server-clone-pool-server) below.

<a id="virtual-server-connection-limit"></a>&#x2022; [`connection_limit`](#virtual-server-connection-limit) - Optional Number<br>Specifies the maximum number of concurrent connections allowed for the virtual server. Setting this to 0 turns off connection limits. The

<a id="virtual-server-connection-rate-limit"></a>&#x2022; [`connection_rate_limit`](#virtual-server-connection-rate-limit) - Optional Number<br>Specifies the maximum number of connections-per-second allowed for a virtual server. When the number of connections-per-second reaches the limit for a given virtual server, the system drops (UDP) or resets (TCP) additional connection requests. This helps
detect Denial of Service attacks, where

<a id="mode-0b96e8"></a>&#x2022; [`connection_rate_limit_mode`](#mode-0b96e8) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for connection rate limit mode<br>See [Connection Rate Limit Mode](#mode-0b96e8) below.

<a id="profile-225e45"></a>&#x2022; [`default_persistence_profile`](#profile-225e45) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for default persistence profile<br>See [Default Persistence Profile](#profile-225e45) below.

<a id="virtual-server-default-pool"></a>&#x2022; [`default_pool`](#virtual-server-default-pool) - Optional Block<br>Specifies the pool name that you want the virtual server to use as the default pool. A load balancing virtual server sends traffic to this pool automatically, unless an iRule directs the server to send the traffic to another pool instead<br>See [Default
Pool](#virtual-server-default-pool) below.

<a id="profile-a64537"></a>&#x2022; [`fallback_persistence_profile`](#profile-a64537) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for fallback persistence profile<br>See [Fallback Persistence Profile](#profile-a64537) below.

<a id="virtual-server-fix-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`fix_profile`](#virtual-server-fix-profile) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for fix profile<br>See [Fix Profile](#virtual-server-fix-profile) below.

<a id="virtual-server-http"></a>&#x2022; [`http`](#virtual-server-http) - Optional Block<br>HTTP profiles<br>See [HTTP](#virtual-server-http) below.

<a id="virtual-server-https"></a>&#x2022; [`https`](#virtual-server-https) - Optional Block<br>HTTPS profiles<br>See [HTTPS](#virtual-server-https) below.

<a id="down-c66a6b"></a>&#x2022; [`immediate_action_on_service_down`](#down-c66a6b) - Optional Block<br>Specifies the immediate action the BIG-IP system should respond with upon the receipt of the initial client's SYN packet, if the availability status of the virtual server is Offline or Unavailable. This is supported for the virtual server of Standard type and TCP protocol. The default is
None<br>See [Immediate Action On Service Down](#down-c66a6b) below.

<a id="virtual-server-last-hop-pool"></a>&#x2022; [`last_hop_pool`](#virtual-server-last-hop-pool) - Optional Block<br>Directs reply traffic to the last hop router using the specified pool<br>See [Last Hop Pool](#virtual-server-last-hop-pool) below.

<a id="virtual-server-nat64"></a>&#x2022; [`nat64`](#virtual-server-nat64) - Optional Block<br>When enabled, allows the system to send return traffic to the MAC address that transmitted the request, even if the routing table points to a different network or interface. As a result, the system can send return traffic to clients even when there is no matching route. For example, if the<br>See
[Nat64](#virtual-server-nat64) below.

<a id="virtual-server-port-translation"></a>&#x2022; [`port_translation`](#virtual-server-port-translation) - Optional Block<br>Specifies, when checked (enabled), that the system translates the port of the virtual server. When cleared (disabled), specifies that the system uses the port without translation. Turning off port translation for a virtual server is useful if you want to use the virtual
server to load balance<br>See [Port Translation](#virtual-server-port-translation) below.

<a id="virtual-server-request-logging-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`request_logging_profile`](#virtual-server-request-logging-profile) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for request logging profile<br>See [Request Logging Profile](#virtual-server-request-logging-profile) below.

<a id="virtual-server-source-port"></a>&#x2022; [`source_port`](#virtual-server-source-port) - Optional Block<br>Specifies whether the system preserves the source port of the connection. The default is Preserve<br>See [Source Port](#virtual-server-source-port) below.

<a id="virtual-server-statistics-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`statistics_profile`](#virtual-server-statistics-profile) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for statistics profile<br>See [Statistics Profile](#virtual-server-statistics-profile) below.

<a id="virtual-server-tcp"></a>&#x2022; [`tcp`](#virtual-server-tcp) - Optional Block<br>TCP profiles<br>See [TCP](#virtual-server-tcp) below.

<a id="virtual-server-udp"></a>&#x2022; [`udp`](#virtual-server-udp) - Optional Block<br>These OPTIONS will be enhanced in future MR<br>See [UDP](#virtual-server-udp) below.

<a id="virtual-server-virtual-server-state"></a>&#x2022; [`virtual_server_state`](#virtual-server-virtual-server-state) - Optional Block<br>Displays the current state on the object<br>See [Virtual Server State](#virtual-server-virtual-server-state) below.

<a id="virtual-server-vs-score"></a>&#x2022; [`vs_score`](#virtual-server-vs-score) - Optional Number<br>Specifies the virtual server score in percent. Global Traffic Manager (GTM) can rely on this value to load balance traffic in a proportional manner. The , meaning that no additional metric is applied for the virtual server

#### Virtual Server Address Translation

An [`address_translation`](#virtual-server-address-translation) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="disable-75c46f"></a>&#x2022; [`address_translation_disable`](#disable-75c46f) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="enable-cd0cd4"></a>&#x2022; [`address_translation_enable`](#enable-cd0cd4) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### Virtual Server Auto Last Hop

An [`auto_last_hop`](#virtual-server-auto-last-hop) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="default-7d2320"></a>&#x2022; [`auto_last_hop_default`](#default-7d2320) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for auto last hop default

<a id="disable-210821"></a>&#x2022; [`auto_last_hop_disable`](#disable-210821) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for auto last hop disable

<a id="enable-c5442e"></a>&#x2022; [`auto_last_hop_enable`](#enable-c5442e) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for auto last hop enable

#### Virtual Server Clone Pool Client

A [`clone_pool_client`](#virtual-server-clone-pool-client) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="virtual-server-clone-pool-client-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#virtual-server-clone-pool-client-kind) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="virtual-server-clone-pool-client-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#virtual-server-clone-pool-client-name) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-ed5532"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-ed5532) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="virtual-server-clone-pool-client-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#virtual-server-clone-pool-client-tenant) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="virtual-server-clone-pool-client-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#virtual-server-clone-pool-client-uid) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server Clone Pool Server

A [`clone_pool_server`](#virtual-server-clone-pool-server) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="virtual-server-clone-pool-server-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#virtual-server-clone-pool-server-kind) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="virtual-server-clone-pool-server-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#virtual-server-clone-pool-server-name) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-bff9cc"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-bff9cc) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="virtual-server-clone-pool-server-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#virtual-server-clone-pool-server-tenant) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="virtual-server-clone-pool-server-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#virtual-server-clone-pool-server-uid) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server Connection Rate Limit Mode

A [`connection_rate_limit_mode`](#mode-0b96e8) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="address-cd504e"></a>&#x2022; [`per_destination_address`](#address-cd504e) - Optional Block<br>Destination Address Mask<br>See [Per Destination Address](#address-cd504e) below.

<a id="address-f6b6a3"></a>&#x2022; [`per_source_address`](#address-f6b6a3) - Optional Block<br>Source Address Mask<br>See [Per Source Address](#address-f6b6a3) below.

<a id="address-9a08c1"></a>&#x2022; [`per_source_destination_address`](#address-9a08c1) - Optional Block<br>Destination and Source Address Mask<br>See [Per Source Destination Address](#address-9a08c1) below.

<a id="server-c1aa1d"></a>&#x2022; [`per_virtual_server`](#server-c1aa1d) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for per virtual server

<a id="address-e10ba4"></a>&#x2022; [`per_virtual_server_destination_address`](#address-e10ba4) - Optional Block<br>Destination Address Mask<br>See [Per Virtual Server Destination Address](#address-e10ba4) below.

<a id="address-8c23e5"></a>&#x2022; [`per_virtual_server_source_address`](#address-8c23e5) - Optional Block<br>Source Address Mask<br>See [Per Virtual Server Source Address](#address-8c23e5) below.

<a id="address-88dab7"></a>&#x2022; [`per_virtual_server_source_destination_address`](#address-88dab7) - Optional Block<br>Destination and Source Address Mask<br>See [Per Virtual Server Source Destination Address](#address-88dab7) below.

#### Virtual Server Connection Rate Limit Mode Per Destination Address

<a id="deep-092db4"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Virtual Server Connection Rate Limit Mode Per Source Address

<a id="deep-17aeca"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Virtual Server Connection Rate Limit Mode Per Source Destination Address

<a id="deep-ac4282"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Virtual Server Connection Rate Limit Mode Per Virtual Server Destination Address

<a id="deep-e8f5f7"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Virtual Server Connection Rate Limit Mode Per Virtual Server Source Address

<a id="deep-26ad6e"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Virtual Server Connection Rate Limit Mode Per Virtual Server Source Destination Address

<a id="deep-ff7f42"></a>Deeply nested **Address** block collapsed for readability.

#### Virtual Server Default Persistence Profile

A [`default_persistence_profile`](#profile-225e45) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-5e9b58"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-5e9b58) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-0100aa"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-0100aa) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-52c74d"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-52c74d) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-0bde9d"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-0bde9d) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-8ef332"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-8ef332) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server Default Pool

A [`default_pool`](#virtual-server-default-pool) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="virtual-server-default-pool-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#virtual-server-default-pool-kind) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="virtual-server-default-pool-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#virtual-server-default-pool-name) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="virtual-server-default-pool-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#virtual-server-default-pool-namespace) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="virtual-server-default-pool-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#virtual-server-default-pool-tenant) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="virtual-server-default-pool-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#virtual-server-default-pool-uid) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server Fallback Persistence Profile

A [`fallback_persistence_profile`](#profile-a64537) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-dfb81f"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-dfb81f) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-3678d4"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-3678d4) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-63de3d"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-63de3d) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-3e0278"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-3e0278) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-3fb0bd"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-3fb0bd) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server Fix Profile

A [`fix_profile`](#virtual-server-fix-profile) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="virtual-server-fix-profile-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#virtual-server-fix-profile-kind) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="virtual-server-fix-profile-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#virtual-server-fix-profile-name) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="virtual-server-fix-profile-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#virtual-server-fix-profile-namespace) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="virtual-server-fix-profile-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#virtual-server-fix-profile-tenant) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="virtual-server-fix-profile-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#virtual-server-fix-profile-uid) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTP

A [`http`](#virtual-server-http) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="virtual-server-http-http-client-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`http_client_profile`](#virtual-server-http-http-client-profile) - Optional Block<br>HTTP Profile (Client). Client-side configuration<br>See [HTTP Client Profile](#virtual-server-http-http-client-profile) below.

<a id="virtual-server-http-http-server-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`http_server_profile`](#virtual-server-http-http-server-profile) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for HTTP server profile<br>See [HTTP Server Profile](#virtual-server-http-http-server-profile) below.

<a id="virtual-server-http-stream-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`stream_profile`](#virtual-server-http-stream-profile) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for stream profile<br>See [Stream Profile](#virtual-server-http-stream-profile) below.

<a id="virtual-server-http-tcp-client-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`tcp_client_profile`](#virtual-server-http-tcp-client-profile) - Optional Block<br>Protocol Profile (Client). Client-side configuration<br>See [TCP Client Profile](#virtual-server-http-tcp-client-profile) below.

<a id="virtual-server-http-tcp-server-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`tcp_server_profile`](#virtual-server-http-tcp-server-profile) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for TCP server profile<br>See [TCP Server Profile](#virtual-server-http-tcp-server-profile) below.

<a id="profile-7d785f"></a>&#x2022; [`websocket_client_profile`](#profile-7d785f) - Optional Block<br>WebSocket Profile Client. Web-related configuration<br>See [WebSocket Client Profile](#profile-7d785f) below.

<a id="profile-c1c198"></a>&#x2022; [`websocket_server_profile`](#profile-c1c198) - Optional Block<br>WebSocket Profile Server. Web-related configuration<br>See [WebSocket Server Profile](#profile-c1c198) below.

#### Virtual Server HTTP HTTP Client Profile

A [`http_client_profile`](#virtual-server-http-http-client-profile) block (within [`virtual_server.http`](#virtual-server-http)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-3c4bb9"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-3c4bb9) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-bf8612"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-bf8612) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-106d8f"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-106d8f) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-b663d7"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-b663d7) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-0c3cec"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-0c3cec) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTP HTTP Server Profile

A [`http_server_profile`](#virtual-server-http-http-server-profile) block (within [`virtual_server.http`](#virtual-server-http)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-8605d7"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-8605d7) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-49aa7a"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-49aa7a) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-ae8dff"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-ae8dff) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-3b9be6"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-3b9be6) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-c9f276"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-c9f276) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTP Stream Profile

A [`stream_profile`](#virtual-server-http-stream-profile) block (within [`virtual_server.http`](#virtual-server-http)) supports the following:

<a id="virtual-server-http-stream-profile-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#virtual-server-http-stream-profile-kind) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="virtual-server-http-stream-profile-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#virtual-server-http-stream-profile-name) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-b9783e"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-b9783e) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-d97c1d"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-d97c1d) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="virtual-server-http-stream-profile-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#virtual-server-http-stream-profile-uid) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTP TCP Client Profile

A [`tcp_client_profile`](#virtual-server-http-tcp-client-profile) block (within [`virtual_server.http`](#virtual-server-http)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-255764"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-255764) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-bb8d5f"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-bb8d5f) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-a6829d"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-a6829d) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-a5a2e5"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-a5a2e5) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-55839f"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-55839f) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTP TCP Server Profile

A [`tcp_server_profile`](#virtual-server-http-tcp-server-profile) block (within [`virtual_server.http`](#virtual-server-http)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-9acd16"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-9acd16) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-e045de"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-e045de) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-df907d"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-df907d) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-3c9fc1"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-3c9fc1) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-c7f184"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-c7f184) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTP WebSocket Client Profile

A [`websocket_client_profile`](#profile-7d785f) block (within [`virtual_server.http`](#virtual-server-http)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-660279"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-660279) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-3e8de7"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-3e8de7) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-8a27c3"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-8a27c3) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-b5b13b"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-b5b13b) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-98c78c"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-98c78c) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTP WebSocket Server Profile

A [`websocket_server_profile`](#profile-c1c198) block (within [`virtual_server.http`](#virtual-server-http)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-af9430"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-af9430) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-2468ed"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-2468ed) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-814477"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-814477) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-039eee"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-039eee) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-3d55b4"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-3d55b4) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTPS

A [`https`](#virtual-server-https) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="profile-ff4940"></a>&#x2022; [`http_client_profile`](#profile-ff4940) - Optional Block<br>HTTP Profile (Client). Client-side configuration<br>See [HTTP Client Profile](#profile-ff4940) below.

<a id="profile-cfab8d"></a>&#x2022; [`http_server_profile`](#profile-cfab8d) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for HTTP server profile<br>See [HTTP Server Profile](#profile-cfab8d) below.

<a id="virtual-server-https-stream-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`stream_profile`](#virtual-server-https-stream-profile) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for stream profile<br>See [Stream Profile](#virtual-server-https-stream-profile) below.

<a id="virtual-server-https-tcp-client-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`tcp_client_profile`](#virtual-server-https-tcp-client-profile) - Optional Block<br>Protocol Profile (Client). Client-side configuration<br>See [TCP Client Profile](#virtual-server-https-tcp-client-profile) below.

<a id="virtual-server-https-tcp-server-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`tcp_server_profile`](#virtual-server-https-tcp-server-profile) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for TCP server profile<br>See [TCP Server Profile](#virtual-server-https-tcp-server-profile) below.

<a id="profile-98f0ed"></a>&#x2022; [`websocket_client_profile`](#profile-98f0ed) - Optional Block<br>WebSocket Profile Client. Web-related configuration<br>See [WebSocket Client Profile](#profile-98f0ed) below.

<a id="profile-44d87f"></a>&#x2022; [`websocket_server_profile`](#profile-44d87f) - Optional Block<br>WebSocket Profile Server. Web-related configuration<br>See [WebSocket Server Profile](#profile-44d87f) below.

#### Virtual Server HTTPS HTTP Client Profile

A [`http_client_profile`](#profile-ff4940) block (within [`virtual_server.https`](#virtual-server-https)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-35d66b"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-35d66b) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-63e42d"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-63e42d) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-e29e40"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-e29e40) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-19bd5f"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-19bd5f) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-265533"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-265533) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTPS HTTP Server Profile

A [`http_server_profile`](#profile-cfab8d) block (within [`virtual_server.https`](#virtual-server-https)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-8996f1"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-8996f1) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-c6198f"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-c6198f) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-e05b8a"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-e05b8a) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-117279"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-117279) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-31d115"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-31d115) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTPS Stream Profile

A [`stream_profile`](#virtual-server-https-stream-profile) block (within [`virtual_server.https`](#virtual-server-https)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-bd6ad6"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-bd6ad6) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-afb2f0"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-afb2f0) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-74c191"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-74c191) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-e91268"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-e91268) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="virtual-server-https-stream-profile-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#virtual-server-https-stream-profile-uid) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTPS TCP Client Profile

A [`tcp_client_profile`](#virtual-server-https-tcp-client-profile) block (within [`virtual_server.https`](#virtual-server-https)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-a762e0"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-a762e0) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-e0c136"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-e0c136) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-dc65cf"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-dc65cf) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-110825"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-110825) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-287546"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-287546) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTPS TCP Server Profile

A [`tcp_server_profile`](#virtual-server-https-tcp-server-profile) block (within [`virtual_server.https`](#virtual-server-https)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-fec91e"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-fec91e) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-b157d8"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-b157d8) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-0d2e9e"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-0d2e9e) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-9a25a6"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-9a25a6) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-ca62e8"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-ca62e8) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTPS WebSocket Client Profile

A [`websocket_client_profile`](#profile-98f0ed) block (within [`virtual_server.https`](#virtual-server-https)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-e5d18f"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-e5d18f) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-9e3935"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-9e3935) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-421945"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-421945) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-03ea4e"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-03ea4e) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-e20500"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-e20500) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server HTTPS WebSocket Server Profile

A [`websocket_server_profile`](#profile-44d87f) block (within [`virtual_server.https`](#virtual-server-https)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-01f1bd"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-01f1bd) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-4fb13d"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-4fb13d) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-5e7a4b"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-5e7a4b) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-cae270"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-cae270) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-179b6a"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-179b6a) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server Immediate Action On Service Down

An [`immediate_action_on_service_down`](#down-c66a6b) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="drop-e602d9"></a>&#x2022; [`immediate_action_on_service_down_drop`](#drop-e602d9) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="none-3c4962"></a>&#x2022; [`immediate_action_on_service_down_none`](#none-3c4962) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="reset-bf0264"></a>&#x2022; [`immediate_action_on_service_down_reset`](#reset-bf0264) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### Virtual Server Last Hop Pool

A [`last_hop_pool`](#virtual-server-last-hop-pool) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="virtual-server-last-hop-pool-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#virtual-server-last-hop-pool-kind) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="virtual-server-last-hop-pool-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#virtual-server-last-hop-pool-name) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="virtual-server-last-hop-pool-namespace"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#virtual-server-last-hop-pool-namespace) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="virtual-server-last-hop-pool-tenant"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#virtual-server-last-hop-pool-tenant) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="virtual-server-last-hop-pool-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#virtual-server-last-hop-pool-uid) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server Nat64

A [`nat64`](#virtual-server-nat64) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="virtual-server-nat64-nat64-disable"></a>&#x2022; [`nat64_disable`](#virtual-server-nat64-nat64-disable) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for nat64 disable

<a id="virtual-server-nat64-nat64-enable"></a>&#x2022; [`nat64_enable`](#virtual-server-nat64-nat64-enable) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for nat64 enable

#### Virtual Server Port Translation

A [`port_translation`](#virtual-server-port-translation) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="disable-bf8123"></a>&#x2022; [`port_translation_disable`](#disable-bf8123) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="enable-eb0b2e"></a>&#x2022; [`port_translation_enable`](#enable-eb0b2e) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### Virtual Server Request Logging Profile

A [`request_logging_profile`](#virtual-server-request-logging-profile) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-a412e5"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-a412e5) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-afa719"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-afa719) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-5ef79b"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-5ef79b) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-18c11f"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-18c11f) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-90e2de"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-90e2de) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server Source Port

A [`source_port`](#virtual-server-source-port) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="change-dfaadc"></a>&#x2022; [`source_port_change`](#change-dfaadc) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="preserve-47304b"></a>&#x2022; [`source_port_preserve`](#preserve-47304b) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="strict-d3153c"></a>&#x2022; [`source_port_preserve_strict`](#strict-d3153c) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

#### Virtual Server Statistics Profile

A [`statistics_profile`](#virtual-server-statistics-profile) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="virtual-server-statistics-profile-kind"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#virtual-server-statistics-profile-kind) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="virtual-server-statistics-profile-name"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#virtual-server-statistics-profile-name) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-dde748"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-dde748) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-a791db"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-a791db) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="virtual-server-statistics-profile-uid"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#virtual-server-statistics-profile-uid) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server TCP

A [`tcp`](#virtual-server-tcp) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="virtual-server-tcp-tcp-client-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`tcp_client_profile`](#virtual-server-tcp-tcp-client-profile) - Optional Block<br>Protocol Profile (Client). Client-side configuration<br>See [TCP Client Profile](#virtual-server-tcp-tcp-client-profile) below.

<a id="virtual-server-tcp-tcp-server-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`tcp_server_profile`](#virtual-server-tcp-tcp-server-profile) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for TCP server profile<br>See [TCP Server Profile](#virtual-server-tcp-tcp-server-profile) below.

#### Virtual Server TCP TCP Client Profile

A [`tcp_client_profile`](#virtual-server-tcp-tcp-client-profile) block (within [`virtual_server.tcp`](#virtual-server-tcp)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-895b00"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-895b00) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-22d661"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-22d661) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-81295b"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-81295b) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-c1df62"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-c1df62) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-920346"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-920346) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server TCP TCP Server Profile

A [`tcp_server_profile`](#virtual-server-tcp-tcp-server-profile) block (within [`virtual_server.tcp`](#virtual-server-tcp)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-560a58"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-560a58) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-737b57"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-737b57) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-5cf229"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-5cf229) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-b50f61"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-b50f61) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-88d203"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-88d203) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server UDP

An [`udp`](#virtual-server-udp) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="virtual-server-udp-tcp-client-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`tcp_client_profile`](#virtual-server-udp-tcp-client-profile) - Optional Block<br>Protocol Profile (Client). Client-side configuration<br>See [TCP Client Profile](#virtual-server-udp-tcp-client-profile) below.

<a id="virtual-server-udp-tcp-server-profile"></a>&#x2022; [`tcp_server_profile`](#virtual-server-udp-tcp-server-profile) - Optional Block<br>Configuration parameter for TCP server profile<br>See [TCP Server Profile](#virtual-server-udp-tcp-server-profile) below.

#### Virtual Server UDP TCP Client Profile

A [`tcp_client_profile`](#virtual-server-udp-tcp-client-profile) block (within [`virtual_server.udp`](#virtual-server-udp)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-31bc7a"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-31bc7a) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-5efa77"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-5efa77) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-03523d"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-03523d) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-0046b3"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-0046b3) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-436acd"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-436acd) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server UDP TCP Server Profile

A [`tcp_server_profile`](#virtual-server-udp-tcp-server-profile) block (within [`virtual_server.udp`](#virtual-server-udp)) supports the following:

<a id="kind-8d4f69"></a>&#x2022; [`kind`](#kind-8d4f69) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')

<a id="name-e52d2e"></a>&#x2022; [`name`](#name-e52d2e) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) name

<a id="namespace-febc30"></a>&#x2022; [`namespace`](#namespace-febc30) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) namespace

<a id="tenant-b03c26"></a>&#x2022; [`tenant`](#tenant-b03c26) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) tenant

<a id="uid-37cabc"></a>&#x2022; [`uid`](#uid-37cabc) - Optional String<br>When a configuration object(e.g. Virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. Route's) uid

#### Virtual Server Virtual Server State

A [`virtual_server_state`](#virtual-server-virtual-server-state) block (within [`virtual_server`](#virtual-server)) supports the following:

<a id="disabled-d29136"></a>&#x2022; [`state_disabled`](#disabled-d29136) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

<a id="enabled-126575"></a>&#x2022; [`state_enabled`](#enabled-126575) - Optional Block<br>Enable this option

---

## Common Types

The following type definitions are used throughout this resource. See the full definition here rather than repeated inline.

### Object Reference {#common-object-reference}

Object references establish a direct reference from one configuration object to another in F5 Distributed Cloud. References use the format `tenant/namespace/name`.

| Field | Type | Description |
| ----- | ---- | ----------- |
| `name` | String | Name of the referenced object |
| `namespace` | String | Namespace containing the referenced object |
| `tenant` | String | Tenant of the referenced object (system-managed) |

### Transformers {#common-transformers}

Transformers apply transformations to input values before matching. Multiple transformers can be applied in order.

| Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| `LOWER_CASE` | Convert to lowercase |
| `UPPER_CASE` | Convert to uppercase |
| `BASE64_DECODE` | Decodebase64 content |
| `NORMALIZE_PATH` | Normalize URL path |
| `REMOVE_WHITESPACE` | Remove whitespace characters |
| `URL_DECODE` | Decode URL-encoded characters |
| `TRIM_LEFT` | Trim leading whitespace |
| `TRIM_RIGHT` | Trim trailing whitespace |
| `TRIM` | Trim both leading and trailing whitespace |

### HTTP Methods {#common-http-methods}

HTTP methods used for request matching.

| Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| `ANY` | Match any HTTP method |
| `GET` | HTTP GET request |
| `HEAD` | HTTP HEAD request |
| `POST` | HTTP POST request |
| `PUT` | HTTP PUT request |
| `DELETE` | HTTP DELETE request |
| `CONNECT` | HTTP CONNECT request |
| `OPTIONS` | HTTP OPTIONS request |
| `TRACE` | HTTP TRACE request |
| `PATCH` | HTTP PATCH request |
| `COPY` | HTTP COPY request (WebDAV) |

### TLS Fingerprints {#common-tls-fingerprints}

TLS fingerprint categories for malicious client detection.

| Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| `TLS_FINGERPRINT_NONE` | No fingerprint matching |
| `ANY_MALICIOUS_FINGERPRINT` | Match any known malicious fingerprint |
| `ADWARE` | Adware-associated fingerprints |
| `DRIDEX` | Dridex malware fingerprints |
| `GOOTKIT` | Gootkit malware fingerprints |
| `RANSOMWARE` | Ransomware-associated fingerprints |
| `TRICKBOT` | Trickbot malware fingerprints |

### IP Threat Categories {#common-ip-threat-categories}

IP address threat categories for security filtering.

| Value | Description |
| ----- | ----------- |
| `SPAM_SOURCES` | Known spam sources |
| `WINDOWS_EXPLOITS` | Windows exploit sources |
| `WEB_ATTACKS` | Web attack sources |
| `BOTNETS` | Known botnet IPs |
| `SCANNERS` | Network scanner IPs |
| `REPUTATION` | Poor reputation IPs |
| `PHISHING` | Phishing-related IPs |
| `PROXY` | Anonymous proxy IPs |
| `MOBILE_THREATS` | Mobile threat sources |
| `TOR_PROXY` | Tor exit nodes |
| `DENIAL_OF_SERVICE` | DoS attack sources |
| `NETWORK` | Known bad network ranges |

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import xcsh_application_profiles.example system/example
```
